hey guys it's the creditor 100 and right
now I'm going to do an introduction on
Coco that's his little hammock that I
got in him I had to take it out because
he was sleeping in there and if I try to
get them from their huge run out see ya
and I'm also going to do a cage tour so
first I'm gonna do a cage shirt so this
is the critter trail to regret credit
real ex and the wheel that will speed
here it broke so i just took that off
and there was a slide i took that out to
you so you can have more room so now it
looks basically like the critter trail
one so first is take a um this is a
candle box but i made it a little bit
for him so inside it's kind of dark
inside is just some cloth old cloth i
put in there and also some fluff
embedding it can it leads to a Tulpa
parole and yeah you can go under there
from work
that's his food dish it came with the
cage that's his water bottle that this
wheel was actually in this cage but it
was pretty big so I took it out and gave
it him instead that's his kabob this is
Kara fresh natural bedding I don't
really like care for so much it's
there's nothing bad about it really but
i prefer katie not soft granule blend so
that's just kabob it has a carrot salt
lick movers there's a bell right there
here it's a blue minimal treat and then
just some would choose and this tube
leads all the way up to this penning
zone and you can see he chewed this up I
want to gift I gave it to him not that
long ago today so you can tell he really
likes these and he just sleeps up here
sometimes so that was that and this is
really good cage I think you should get
this cage I think it's really good yeah
the only thing I really don't like about
this cage is that when the wheel was
here there's like holes on the sides and
every time they went in there they
pooped in there and the poop flickeflu
out so yeah this is
this is a hammock i bought at Petco for
him I don't remember how much money it
was but it was kind of a lot of money
but it was what worth it because they
love it and this was in here but I
cleaned the cage out today so I switched
it around this is Coco he's pretty Pete
he is bigger than cookie dough that's
cuz he's older I'm he is the one that
was bullying him but he's not really
mean he just likes his territory oh yeah
in here I switched it around in here
also but it's basically the same he fell
okay so the difference is that this is
now moved to their to that side and
under here is a toll paper roll that
just Kate I mean that's his wheel it's
basically the same except that i added
in and i also edit that into and I
switched is also added the not nibble
Aaron and I switched around his stuff so
yeah pretty much the same
and cookie dough is either in there or
in there somewhere yeah here's Koko
where do you think oh he's in there
uncle Chris to come here he lets his pet
him but he doesn't like being held that
much come on
clin hear that green stuff you see
that's just fluff stuff for someone who
sleeps in and yeah these hooks are just
so you can hang on a wire cage this
isn't really work since on the top it's
all plastic but here bricks because this
thing's wired so I'd only put the hooks
on when I put it in his cage but that
doesn't really matter since he likes it
anyway come out oh he's coming there you
go well there is my cocoa
so just to recap could add Rolex curtail
starter habitat neck kebab I got at
Petco also and that was kind of a lot of
money it was six dollars so i suggest
you don't get really i don't if you
don't want to pay a lot of money they
have cheaper ones at Pittman's and i
think petsmart but i'm not sure so yeah
just throw my true this was requested by
hemorrhoid rocks for a date she
requested a lot but that's good because
i like making requests videos and you
should sub to her I can't do links yet
so um there won't be a link but just
search for her or go on my friends
disappear yeah okay um bye